                   1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library
                   =========================================


1. About the 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library

This library provides functionality to control any camera that conforms to the
1394-Based Digital Camera Specification written by the 1394 Trade Association
(http://www.1394ta.com). The specs can be downloaded for free here:
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/libdc1394/iidc_specifications.php.
On Linux, Libdc1394 utilizes the lowlevel functionality provided by libraw1394
to communicate with the camera. When compiled for the legacy Linux stack,
Libdc1394 also uses the video1394 kernel module for the DMA capture of the
video flow.

The library is originally designed to work on Linux and was ported to OSX by
David Moore in 2006. A Windows version is in the works.


2. Copyleft

The 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library is licensed under the Lesser
General Public License (short LGPL, see file COPYING in the source
distribution).  Other files in the source archives not belonging to but being
part of the build procedure of libraw1394 are under their own licenses, as
stated at the top of the individual files.


3. API documentation

A basic description of each function can be found on libdc1394 website:
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/libdc1394/ You can also find information
for all functions in the various header files dc1394/*.h. There are sample
programs in the examples/ directory which can be helpful for learning. For a
more comprehensive demonstration of the features of libdc1394, review the
Coriander application source code, available at
http://damien.douxchamps.net/ieee1394/coriander/ or read the IIDC
specifications.


4. Maintainer

The maintainer of the 1394-Based Digital Camera Control Library is currently
Damien Douxchamps. Send suggestions, bug reports and fixes to the mailing
list libdc1394devel@lists.sf.net. Subscription to the list is encouraged, but
not necessary (non-subscribers are moderated). See the file AUTHORS for a
complete list of contributors.


5. Quick installation guide

To compile and install libdc1394 from a release tarball simply do the
following:

./configure
make
make install

Obviously, you need to be root when executing the last statement if you wish to
do a system-wide installation. To compile and install libdc1394 from an SVN
source tree do the following:

autoreconf -i -s
./configure
make
make install

Details on getting a source tree from the SVN repository is beyond the scope of
this small readme but the following command should give you the latest trunk:

svn co https://libdc1394.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/libdc1394/trunk/libdc1394/


--
2000-01-13  Gord Peters
2008-01-05  Damien Douxchamps
